I
you are subscribed but we end up
for the three-point contest
I hope you're fine, I'm fine
very well today and gaza your
igloo a little special knowing that we
approach of 600 subscribers thanks for that
anyway
but I 'm getting mostly more and more
messages from people asking me for
advice on how to progress
better spell how to apply and in there
thinking I realized
that apart from 2-3 tutorials you do not have too much
actually helped to progress while good
without wishing to boast, judge rather a
good level in any case in general and
especially with player for proof to
the time when there was a ranking by
report to the crew what in crew mode you
have in the global clean dock what
is one of the two best French with
pedro for those who do not know who
is pedro click on the link below to
left but now I think I can
give you some tips that you
will help to progress
first point is surely the most
important in any case for me what
has allowed me to be as successful as
sit good league iver
is that mid-range shooting must
become your main weapon in attack
the best to help you understand that
that's how you explain with 38
managed to rank 19th worldwide at
the time of the coup mode is actually from
we create our player we increase
and mid-distance shooting in
priority what happened in match our
forums it was to find
Copenhagen positions distance though this
either by luan oil and fixings them
systems finally voices that we himself
or to be open at three points
take a step forward to take my
boxer distances to explain you to
how much the game was based on it
why it works and so well
just because the mid distance to a
very high success rate but very
easily turn over 70% to all
matches while also you take
the 3-point you turn between 40 and 60%
if you are good
and the second effect is that once
that you will send chained halfway
2010 time 3000 distance to 4th lift on
defender van good i'm going i'm coming
jump up
the defender and in the air you know
more than to penetrate the identical or if
a player comes to help you come out on
a penis player would create a
shift finally this is called
association what
and that's it creates the game and it sows the
doubt in the defender's head
on the contrary if you are I based
on the penetration for example but you
do not manage the mid distance
just a simple zone or a
dwight howard in the racket and you
are brought what while on all
areas
there is a weak point halfway away you
take the area a right for example
you go to the corners at a distance
3.2 is open so a little exercise
simple to help you progress there
on it is to make matches in you
fixing as a rule not to exceed
the 50% points neither in the racket
and more than a third of shots taken at three
points so if for example you put
50 during the match was not expected
exceed 25 points in the racket
and if you saw 30 shots in the game
you must not exceed 10 shots
taken at three points at the end of the match
you go in this team that you
check that you have respected here
of rules and doing that on all
matches by chaining m like that you
know that you will progress very
quickly attack
once you have assimilated this point
I move to the second one which consists of
expand its blues range and there ya
unfortunately not that secret camp
workout the tutorial is very
well done what there is no reason
against all the do not or in any
case that's what I do as soon as they
buy the game i go home i the
instruction tutorials and ultra
well done so there is no reason to
not do it if a move you galley
to assimilate the best is to try to
to place a match like that he does not enter
even more easily
why break your head to do everything
that bah just imagine that you
fell on a very big gender defender
the guy who will leave you no position
open and well have a wide range of
new loans will allow me to what
that it happens to create a shoot from
of nothing for example if you have
simply the spin supporting josiane of
shot you know how do you get that
to place it once or twice without a
big defender but not stronger then
if you arrive you do it a swing
shoot then the next time you arrive
steinbach the next time you animate up
and under tang wei as varied all the
time
right away you get even more from
all in the head of the key defender of the
voting games and money done then that will be
complicated defend after it therefore
big goal is to become
unpredictable third time mound of
his success says basic and your of his
mutism years but tries to handle a
maximum of timing for up to
binder what not just spam
also the little players with nachi
all summer djeridi kyle korver sent a
little tip stuff
why it's interesting because
like that the opponent when you are a
simple match what
the opponent will never be with whom
you can pull no more complicated to
defend and it's also a plus without
michael york because you can
always fall on a streak hot chip
and a little player that will please you
what
for is reassigned to your my player
then like me for example especially
what is 11 taking the jazz I had
realized that the flush of the
beautiful I put everything with it ends up
to be saying it that I attributed before the
half an hour and that's it and keep
all year long so do not limit yourself
to the stars also try to handle a
maximum number of players kept
always one more the best way for
that's going to go into settings options
presentation game is activated on
comment after shoot that would tell you
if he had done a good timing
if you made it too short or too
long what and so it's the simplest
to know if they master in europe to
what finally the last point is there
relates exclusively to the mode ma
career avoid play styles
three point shooter
defenders if the style of play
three-point shooter interests you
prefer the score game style if the
know the defender style that you
interested
prefer the athletic style of play in
choosing these two styles rather than
the other two you will have the same
advantages at least of disadvantages so
that's all benef foolishly trust
three-point shooter defenders to
avoid favorite athletic and scorer
finally here it was some small
advice like that on the attack
if you have questions I can
always try to answer them
you send them to me either
comments but here we come to my
last passage
ryan anderson made 21 that's the score at
beat so I'll let you handle
its not in any case I rather who does
the three-point contest I believe that
it was last year he was
rotten but this year's one has
really well done i think i had
badly started against three out of five
it's not terrible to catch up on
this one iraq perfect timing
aline perfect timing perfect and fire
Iraq last is not serious and
adrenaline mounts epic music
does that mean something
sexy we chained splash beach did not
does not feel like 11 points
burst assured out inside in of
in the rack is perfect it's sexy
the hero of that time had not made
finger reassure him we have no right to
the mistake there in children of win
and here he is clutch the keeping guard
panic letter to m i miss it ever
finally here I hope that this video
will you have
and d and more we do as usual
kisses to your moms so he kind
discovered
finally it's just a suggestion you
do as you wish j